chore(run): add documentation about running Camunda BPM Run with Docker (#541)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/camunda-bpm-run.md

```
Execute one of the two start scripts (`start.bat` for Windows, `start.sh` for Linux/Mac). After a few seconds, you will be able to access the Camunda webapps via http://localhost:8080 and the REST API via http://localhost:8080/engine-rest/

## Starting Camunda BPM Run using Docker

> Run is also available as Docker image. It can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/camunda/docker-camunda-bpm-platform) and [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform/tags?page=1&name=run). To start the latest release of Camunda BPM Run execute the following commands:
> 
> ```shell
> docker pull camunda/camunda-bpm-platform:run-latest
> docker run -d --name camunda -p 8080:8080 camunda/camunda-bpm-platform:run-latest
> ```
> After a few seconds Camunda will be available at `http://localhost:8080`.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to link to the Run section of the Docker documentation here. That way we avoid duplicating content and make it easier to maintain.
```suggestion
Run is also available as a Docker image. Please see the Run section of the Camunda Docker documentation [here](/installation/docker.md#start-camunda-bpm-run-using-docker) for more details.
```

> If you want to use the enterprise version, you can build it yourself with the steps described on [GitHub](https://github.com/camunda/docker-camunda-bpm-platform#build-a-enterprise-version).

Reviewer: I would also move this to the EE section of the Docker docs since it's valid for all Docker images, and we currently don't state this information, so it would be very useful for EE users of all Docker images.
